Feature/Extend Readme_dev for updating the runtime (#206)
nmshd/app: README_dev.md

## Melos scripts

For an overview of all available melos scripts, run `melos run` or `melos run --help`.

## Update the Runtime

Basically, the whole enmeshed Runtime is written in the file `packages/enmeshed_runtime_bridge/assets/index.js`.
Its respective version is specified in `packages/enmeshed_runtime_bridge/natives/package.json`.
In order to update it, you must adjust the version there, navigate to `packages/enmeshed_runtime_bridge/natives` and run `npm i`.
Afterwards, run `npm run build` in the same location, which will update the `index.js` file.

Now, to make the changes accessible for the App, all adjustments that are exposed, e.g. DTOs, DVOs, use cases and events, need to be adjusted in their respective places.

> To do so, step through every Runtime change that was performed from the previous version to your newly updated one and check if it needs to be tranferred to the App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, step through every Runtime change that was performed from the previous version to your newly updated once and check if it needs to be transferred to the App.
```

Author: I mean the newly updated version - the newly updated one.

> Usually, only changes to the Content- and Runtime-library are relevant for the App, but if you aren't sure, simply use the search function and check if the respecive data object occurs anywhere besides the `index.js` file in the App-repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, only changes to the Content- and Runtime-library are relevant for the App, but if you aren't sure, simply use the search function and check if the respective data object occurs anywhere besides the `index.js` file in the App-repository.
```
